# Method to Proceed with Code Design

In this project, [code management](https://nablarch.github.io/docs/LATEST/doc/en/application_framework/application_framework/libraries/code.html) of Nablarch is used.

## Code design document

When designing code, the first step is to write the code definition in the code design document.

Based on this code design document, create DB data (csv file) and code constant classes (Java files).

## Test data

Use the [data output tool for code table registration](https://github.com/nablarch-development-standards/nablarch-development-standards-tools#%E7%99%BB%E9%8C%B2%E7%94%A8%E3%83%87%E3%83%BC%E3%82%BF%E4%BD%9C%E6%88%90)(Only Japanese Edition)
to generate data (csv files) for `code pattern tables` and `code name tables` from code design document.

Because the CSV file generated by this tool is used as test data, it is placed in the data file placement directory (`test/resources/data`) of the GSP plugin. 
This registers the data in the DB.



## Code constant class

Creates a code constant class under the `com.nablarch.example.proman.common.code` package for the common module.
Examples are shown below.

``` java
package com.nablarch.example.proman.common.code;

/**
 * Industry classification
 * @author TIS
 */
public class C0100001 {

    private C0100001() {
    }

    /**
     * Agriculture
     */
    public static final String code01 = "01";

    /**
     * Construction
     */
    public static final String code02 = "02";

    /**
     * Manufacturing
     */
    public static final String code03 = "03";
}
```

If you are using code in Java, use a constant called `C0100001.code01` instead of a literal with a code value of `"01"`.
Though there seems to be no difference between `"01"` and `C0100001.code01`, but when you hover over a constant on the IDE, javadoc comments such as `business classification` and agriculture are displayed, which increases the readability.
Using the constant `AGRICULTURE` instead of `code01` is more easier to understand, but this is done to save the trouble of designing physical names.
